Particular winners of lower federal funds rates are dividend-paying sectors, such as utilities and real estate investment trusts (REITs). Additionally, large companies with stable cash flows and strong balance sheets benefit from cheaper debt financing.

However, some sectors stand to benefit from interest rate hikes. One sector that tends to benefit the most is the financial industry. Banks, brokerages, mortgage companies, and insurance companies' earnings often increase—as interest rates move higher—because they can charge more for lending.

If expectations differ significantly from the Federal Reserve's actions, these generalized, conventional reactions may not apply. For example, suppose that the Federal Reserve is expected to cut interest rates by 50 basis points at its next meeting, but they instead announce a drop of only 25 basis points. The news may actually cause stocks to decline because the assumption of a cut of 50 basis points had already been priced into the market

When interest rates go up, the Federal Reserve is attempting to cool an overheating economy. By making credit more expensive and harder to come by, certain industries such as consumer goods, lifestyle essentials, and industrial goods sectors that do not rely on economic growth may poised for future success. In addition, any company that is not reliant on growth through low-cost debt can go up along with interest rates as it does not require external costly financing for expansion.

Growth stocks are heavily reliant on capital for future business expansion. During periods of low interest rates, it's the golden age for growth stocks as capital can be obtained cheaply and growth easier to come by. Therefore, as interest rates rise, many investors believe growth stocks become to appear less favorable because their long-term discounted cash flow is reduced and their ability to security low-cost debt financing is more difficult

Thoughts: 
if the Fed cuts the Federal Fund rate the stocks go up
if the Fed raises the Federal Fund rate the stocks go down; except financial sector

What about expectation differences?
if the Fed is expected to cut the rate but doesn't stocks will likely go down
if the Fed is expected to raise the rate but doesn't stocks will likely go up